Call with customer:

SportChat Inc:

Looking for a DR site and doing migration into AWS.

Looking to run in Hybrid mode.

Questions:

•	Premium Enhanced social media features, will these be going to the cloud or staying on prem? 	Planning to use AWS as DR site.
o	2 main datacenters
o	Planning to have every component stored in AWS as DR site

•	Would apps still need to be on VM-Ware? Or can they be on EC2?
o	Team already familiar with vmware, however feels that they would be limited by not using ec2
o	Looking for guidance on this, whether or not to continue using VMware. 
•	Would you use route 53?
o	Currently using dine, however they had a DDoS attack and all their resources went down. Now they are looking to move to Route53.
o	Interested in managed load balancing solution (ELB) 
•	What are some other challenges you are having?
o	Managing Database
o	Having troubling with scaling (Aurora?)
o	Struggling with handling random bursts 
•	Using any monitoring tools?
o	Currently using Paper Trail to track logs
o	Interested in using AWS as a “burst”
o	Using pager duty to keep track of employees working hours
o	Interested in using some AWS services for notifications and monitoring 
•	How long ago did you acquire your datacenter?
o	3 years ago
o	Every 4-6 years they have to replace their equipment
o	This infrastructure is ONLY for this application
o	Leveraging level 3 to connect their datacenters 
•	Maximum amount of downtime?
o	Zero downtime for migration 
•	What steps do devs have to go through to spin up a vm?
o	Currently running LAMP stack
o	Currently using Bitbucket to clone code
o	Setup local webserver to experiment/test 
•	Are writes to the slave being done synchronously? How much latency? Strong need for read after write consistency?
o	Databases need to be completely in-sync
o	Slaves must be synchronously replicated
o	Read only slaves are ok to be asynchronously replicated
o	Nothing longer than 1.5 minutes in replication lag 
•	Point in time application requirements
o	No more than 1.5 minutes
o	Recovery point: 25-30 minutes
o	Recovery time objective: ideal: <=1hr 
•	Anything nonstandard or highly customized about your MySQL?
o	No. Normalized data, however there are a few tables that are being duplicated to be stored in a denormalized structure(messages). 
•	For MySQL and OS, are you staying up to date?
o	Not at all, pretty far behind. Currently at MySQL 5.3 
•	Have a site for DR but not sending any traffic there at all, elaborate?
o	Customer just wants to be able to pull everything back up immediately, instead of failing over. 
•	Concerned about cost?
o	Not too concerned about cost.
o	More concerned about scalability and resiliency. 
•	Are you interested in a hybrid architecture? Or just using AWS as an overflow for on-prem?
o	Customer is interested, “having overflow traffic routed to AWS in case of a burst would be ideal.” 
•	What are you hoping to achieve long-term for sport chat?
o	Goal is to be the premier location where people go and talk about sports.
o	Also includes families with children in sports, high school sports helping communities connect.
o	Looking to be the source of inspiration of how sports impact communities.
o	Already reached 1 million users, looking to reach 100million active users by 2020 
•	Looking to go international?
o	Wants to focus on getting 10million users from Europe
o	Looking to gain users from Australia and India
o	Latency is hurting sport chat right now 
•	Server discovery service is agentless, only the application discovery service has an agent.
